
ZeldaC FAQ, version 1.0

The following is a list of frequently asked questions about ZeldaC.
There are plenty of other questions one could ask, but these are the
most common.  Don't read an answer unless you're hopelessly stuck!
---------------------------------------------------------------------


Contents:

How do I get the stepladder?
How do I get the raft?
Where is Level 5?
Where is Level 6?
Where is Level 7?
Where are the map and the item of Level 7?
Where is Level 8?
Where is Level 9?
Where is the first sword in 2nd Quest?


Question: How do I get the stepladder?


To defeat the Wizzrobe Quartet guarding the stepladder, you need the ocarina, but before you 
can have it, you'll need the raft.  Until you explore beyond the great river, try your best
to get by without the stepladder.


Question: How do I get the raft?


A hungry molblin is guarding it; push some blocks in Level 3 to find some meat so you can feed
it.  Remember that there are false walls, and that all monsters must be destroyed before blocks 
will move.


Question: Where is Level 5?


Make your way into the Graveyard of Serenity, the multi-screen graveyard in the center of the 
overworld.  There you will find a tombstone that moves, even if you haven't found the glove.
Welcome to the Cavern of Silence!


Question: Where is Level 6?


Go to the one area of the overworld that can only be reached via the warp stairs.  From here
you can pass through a short path of dead trees and wind up in a secluded desert.  There's 
no dungeon on this desert screen, but if you burn the upper-left dead tree along that path, 
you'll get into Gerudo Garrison.


Question: Where is Level 7?


There's a clue in the game that says, "4 bombs for 4 right-most mountains."  Here's what to do:

Go to the screen that keeps repeating when you go north.  It's in the northern mountains.  
Do everything you can to keep going north, and eventually it'll let you onto the next screen.  
Bomb the small mountain there.  Go in, it'll take you elsewhere on this screen.  Now the only
possible direction is west.  Bomb the east-most part of the mountain here, for another such 
cave.  When you come back out, go west again.  The next screen is grey with statues and two 
rocks.  Go south and then west again.  Bomb the east-most part of this mountain and the cave 
will place you above the wall of trees.  Go north and bomb the east-most part of this screen.  
This is the Black Labyrinth.


Question: Where are the map and the item of Level 7?


Find a certain stairway tunnel (you have to push a block to make it appear) that leads to a 
room with no obvious doorways out.  Kill the giant Stalfos there, and then bomb one of the 
walls.  You'll be on the path to both the map and the dungeon's main item.


Question: Where is Level 8?


After you have the ocarina and the handy glove, explore the grey ice maze in the NW area of 
the world.  If you play music in just the right area, the entrance to the Crystal Citadel 
will open.


Question: Where is Level 9?


Follow the deadly red path until it seems you can't possibly go any further.  There will be
a lone, red tree directly south of a secret path through the other red trees.  Follow this
path from there, and you'll eventually reach Ganon's Vault.


Question: Where is the first sword in 2nd Quest?


Oh, was there supposed to be a sword?  Haha, kidding.  As you explore the first two dungeons,
you'll find other items to get by with.  Eventually Zelda will give you the ocarina while 
telling you where in the overworld to search next.  Use the ocarina there, and you'll find 
the dungeon that contains the first sword.


------------------------------------------------------
Written by GameMakr24 (zack76@juno.com)
of Challenge Games. (http://smb3c.darkmazda.com)
